 Kevin, Yov, Matt and Kevin play a new game: Blackjack . Kevin is in office, so let's play for low stakes, okay? Like $10,000? Oh, it's a deal. Let's see who wins. Anybody gets to 21? Uh, wins. If you go over 21, you're going to lose. Oh, well, good thing we didn't play for too much money .  Game theory is about all kind of strategic interactions among self intereste . Matt Jackson is a professor of economics at Stanford University . Kevin Jackson is an associate professor of computer science at the University of British Columbia .  Game theory is an essential tool to understanding a lot of different interactions . It's become an essential part of any social scientists toolbox . Game theories are used to understand everything from auctions to international conflict to political interactions .  A lot of the problems that economic gamers like Matt think about when they get bigger, they have computational dimensions . So as you want to solve these problems in the real world, it's necessary to leverage ideas from algorithms, complexity, and artificial intelligence to make them work in practice .  The course will run about seven weeks . It doesn't presume that people have any experience in Game 3 before . It'll assume a tiny bit of background and probability and calculus .  Some of the content will be graded, some of which isn't . Online forums and lab exercises are essential part of the class . Most of your questions will come from problem sets and a final exam, which you'll only be able to take once .  We do have a TAEZ that will monitor the forums, both at British Columbia and at Stanford . At the end of the day, it'll only work as a community we all work together . Please, because the large numbers don't send us personal email, it's not that we don't like to speak to, we just won't be able to handle it . If you want to follow us personally on our personal sites by all means, but no, please, friend requests and so on. This is really going to be a fun class .